Move setup instructions to ur_client_library (#248)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_Client_Library: doc/setup/robot_setup.rst

.. _robot_setup:

Robot setup
===========

> In order to use the client library with a robot, that robot has to be setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the client library with a robot, the robot needs to be prepared.
```

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: CB3

      CB3 robots can directly be used with the ur_client_library. No special preparation is needed.

   .. group-tab:: PolyScope 5

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

There are two ways the client library can be enabled to send command to the robot.
- Remote control, there the full control is given to the client library and enables it to e.g. power on and off, brake release, load PolyScope programs and send URScript programs directly to the controller.
- External Control URCap, there the control to power on, off and start programs etc. still on the Teach pendant, but where the URCap inject the needed URScript code from client library. This also makes it possible to combine the use of the client library and other PolyScope program nodes, like standard moves or other third-party URCaps. 

```

Author: I was thinking about that, as well. Currently, we also have this as a part of the ROS driver documentation: https://docs.universal-robots.com/Universal_Robots_ROS_Documentation/doc/ur_robot_driver/ur_robot_driver/doc/operation_modes.html

Should we also move that in this PR? I'd rather link to one explanation than duplicating content.

Reviewer: Sounds like a good idea. Maybe start with duplicating content and then we can address this in another PR?

      application. Note that the robot and the external PC have to be in the same network, ideally in a
      direct connection with each other to minimize network disturbances. The custom port should be left
      untouched for now.

      .. image:: ../images/initial_setup_images/es_10_prog_structure_urcaps.png
         :target: initial_setup_images/es_10_prog_structure_urcaps.png
         :alt: Insert the external control node

      To use the new URCaps, create a new program and insert the **External Control** program node into
      the program tree

      .. image:: ../images/initial_setup_images/es_11_program_view_excontrol.png
         :target: initial_setup_images/es_11_program_view_excontrol.png
         :alt: Program view of external control

      If you click on the *command* tab again, you'll see the settings entered inside the *Installation*.
      Check that they are correct, then save the program. Your robot is now ready to be used together with
      this driver.

   .. group-tab:: PolyScope X

      .. warning::

         Support for PolyScope X isn't fully developed, yet. Please consider using External Control

>          with PolyScope X an open beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         with PolyScope X as an open beta.
```

.. _robot_setup:

Robot setup
===========

In order to use the client library with a robot, that robot has to be setup.

> .. tabs::

Reviewer: Suggest adding a tab for CB3 as well
